feat: Config service configuration (#682)
safe-global/safe-docs: pages/config-service-configuration/add-or-edit-safe-app.mdx

# Add or edit Safe Apps

Add (or edit) a new Safe App to the configuration.

## Usage

You can add a new Safe App by visiting this address: `http://localhost:8000/cfg/admin/safe_apps/safeapp/add/`

You can edit an existing Safe App by visiting this address: `http://localhost:8000/cfg/admin/safe_apps/safeapp/{safe app index}/change/` where `{safe app index}` is the index of the Safe App you want to edit.

## Parameters

### `Listed`

Whether the Safe App is listed in the Safe App list.

### `Url`

The URL the Safe App is hosted at.

### `Name`

The name of the Safe App.

### `Icon url`

> The URL of the icon of the Safe App.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The icon of the Safe App to upload.
```
